Add git tips (#669)
getsolus/help-center-docs: docs/packaging/git-basics.md

git branch -D my-branch
git push -d origin my-branch
```
# Tips and Tricks

## Use worktrees to make switching between branches easier

It's possible to create a worktree to make working with things like stack updates easier.

> If you need to switch focus, you can switch to a different folder with a different worktree (like main).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to switch focus, you can switch to a different folder with a different worktree (like `main`).
```

When you're ready to return to previous work, like the stack update, change to its folder.

The [official docs from git](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-worktree) have details on how to do this.

## Splitting a commit during `rebase -i`

> There may be times when you're in the middle of an interactive rebase where you want to split a commit. To do this, start by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be times when you're in the middle of an interactive rebase and you want to split a commit. To do this, start by running:
```

```bash
git rebase -i origin/HEAD --autostash
```

Then, find the needed commit and change pick to e (short for edit), save and exit.

> Then run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then run:
```

```bash
git reset HEAD~
```

If you run `git status` you can see the changes are unstaged.

> Then `gotopkg your-package` and run `git add` and `git commit` as normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, change to the package directory you want with `gotopkg your-package`, and run `git add` and `git commit` as normal.
```

Do the same for the second split.

> Then run

Author: I've made line breaks consistent and reworked that line you pointed out.

git branch -D my-branch
git push -d origin my-branch
```
# Tips and Tricks

## Use worktrees to make switching between branches easier

It's possible to create a worktree to make working with things like stack updates easier.
If you need to switch focus, you can switch to a different folder with a different worktree (like `main`).

> When you're ready to return to previous work, like the stack update, change to its folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready to return to your in-progress work, change to its folder.
```
